README.md, before:

# OneNote Android App 📓✨

## Overview

The OneNote Android App is a simple and intuitive way to manage your notes. Add titles, messages, images, and locations to make each note more meaningful. View your notes on an interactive map for added context.

## Features

- **Create Notes**: Add a title, message, and optional image.
- **Edit Notes**: Update your notes as needed.
- **View Notes**: See all notes in a list or select one to view details.
- **Delete Notes**: Remove notes you no longer need.
- **Add Images**: Capture a photo or choose one from your gallery.
- **Location Tracking**: Automatically save the note's location and display it on a map.

## Usage 📝

### Creating Notes

1. **Tap "New Note"**: Add a title and message.
2. **Attach Images**: Use the camera or gallery options.
3. **Save the Note**: The app saves your location automatically.

### Editing Notes

1. **Select a Note**: Open it from the list.
2. **Modify Content**: Update the title, message, or image.
3. **Save Changes**: Keep your updates.

### Viewing Notes

- **List View**: See all notes in one place.
- **Details View**: Open a note to see its title, message, image, and location on a map.

### Deleting Notes

- **Select the Note**: Open it.
- **Delete**: Use the toolbar option to remove it.

## Installation 🚀

1. **Clone the Repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/SarahValda/OneNote2025.git

2. **Open in Android Studio**
  - Launch Android Studio.
  - Select **"Open an existing Android Studio project"**.
  - Navigate to the project folder and open it.

3. **Build & Run**
  - Allow Gradle to build the project and resolve dependencies.
  - Connect your Android device via USB or start an emulator.
  - Click the **"Run"** button in Android Studio.
  - Select your target device to install and launch the app.

## Permissions 🔒

The app requests the following permissions:
- **Camera**: To capture photos for notes.
- **Read External Storage**: To select images from your gallery.
- **Access Fine Location**: To track and display your location.

## Troubleshooting 🛠️

- **Location Not Available**: Check that location services are enabled.
- **Image Not Displaying**: Ensure the app has storage access.

## Conclusion

OneNote Android App makes organizing your notes simple and effective with image attachments and location tracking. Manage your notes effortlessly and enjoy enhanced functionality!

Commit message:

Update Project (Documentation, Search, UI, Readme)

README.md, after:

# OneNote2025 📓✨

## Overview

The OneNote Android App is a simple and intuitive way to manage your notes. Add titles, messages, images, and locations to make each note more meaningful. View your notes on an interactive map for added context.

## Features

- **Create Notes**: Add a title, message, and optional image.
- **Edit Notes**: Update your notes as needed.
- **View Notes**: See all notes in a list or select one to view details.
- **Delete Notes**: Remove notes you no longer need.
- **Add Images**: Capture a photo or choose one from your gallery.
- **Location Tracking**: Save the note's location and display it on a map.
- **Search Notes**: Find notes by title or message using the integrated search bar.
- **Haptic Feedback**: Enjoy sound and vibration feedback when saving a note for an engaging user experience.

## Usage 📝

### Creating Notes

- **Tap "New Note"**: Add a title and message.
- **Attach Images**: Use the camera or gallery options.
- **Save the Note**: The app saves your location and provides sound/vibration feedback.

### Editing Notes

- **Select a Note**: Open it from the list.
- **Modify Content**: Update the title, message, or image.
- **Save Changes**: Keep your updates.

### Viewing Notes

- **List View**: See all notes in one place.
- **Details View**: Open a note to see its title, message, image, and location on a map.

### Searching Notes

- **Use the Search Bar**: Tap the search icon in the toolbar and type your query.
- **Filter Notes**: Instantly view results matching the title or message.

### Deleting Notes

- **Select the Note**: Open it.
- **Delete**: Use the toolbar option to remove it.

## Installation 🚀

1. **Clone the Repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/SarahValda/OneNote2025.git

2. **Open in Android Studio**
  - Launch Android Studio.
  - Select **"Open an existing Android Studio project"**.
  - Navigate to the project folder and open it.

3. **Build & Run**
  - Allow Gradle to build the project and resolve dependencies.
  - Connect your Android device via USB or start an emulator.
  - Click the **"Run"** button in Android Studio.
  - Select your target device to install and launch the app.

## Permissions 🔒

The app requests the following permissions:
- **Camera**: To capture photos for notes. Required to access your device's camera functionality.
- **Read External Storage**: To select images from your gallery. Ensures the app can retrieve existing images from your device.
- **Access Fine Location**: To track and display your current location on the map. This enhances the note-taking experience by associating notes with specific locations.
- **Write External Storage** (if applicable): To save captured photos directly to your device's storage (required on older Android versions).

## Troubleshooting 🛠️

- **Location Not Available**: Check that location services are enabled and permissions are granted. Restart the app or the device if the issue persists.
- **Image Not Displaying**: Ensure the app has storage access and that the image file exists on your device.
- **No Camera App Available**: Verify that a camera app is installed on your device. This issue often occurs on emulators where a camera app is not pre-installed. Test on a physical device or ensure the emulator has camera capabilities enabled.

## Conclusion

OneNote2025 makes organizing your notes simple and effective with image attachments and location tracking. Manage your notes effortlessly and enjoy enhanced functionality!
